Clarify output validation failures for long-dormant feedstocks (#2892)
conda-forge/conda-forge.github.io: docs/maintainer/infrastructure.mdx

### Package validation failed for an existing output name

> This commonly happens when the feedstock has not been built and uploaded in a long time,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This may happen when the feedstock has not been built and uploaded in a long time,
```
